README.md, before:

# Commander

Commander is a pattern for writing distributed applications using ideas from CQRS and Event Sourcing using Kafka as transportation layer.

> 🚧 This project is currently under active development

## Overview
- **High performing** - Commander uses Kafka a distributed, fault-tolerant and wicket fast streaming platform as it's transportation layer
- **Encryption** - All stored events can be easily encrypted and decrypted
- **Developer friendly** - We aim to create developer friendly APIs that get you started quickly

## Getting started

To get started quickly download/clone the [boilerplate project](https://github.com/sysco-middleware/commander-boilerplate).

Every group has a command, query, materialise and logic service. The command and query services can easily be included in your project via docker images. But if required can you fork the services and modify them to your needs. Every group is responsible for a single dataset.

## GDPR

Commander offers various APIs to handle GDPR complaints. To keep the immutable ledger, immutable do we offer the plausibility to encrypt all events. Once a "right to erasure" request needs to be preformed can all data be erased by simply throwing away the key.

Commit message:

feat: documentation about "the layers"

README.md, after:

# Commander

Commander gives you a toolset for writing distributed applications using ideas from CQRS and Event Sourcing using Kafka as transportation layer.

> 🚧 This project is currently under active development

## The layers

The commander pattern exists out of 4 layers. Every layer has it's own responsibilities and contain different parts of your application.

- **Web service** - This layer is accessible from the outside. The main responsibility is to preform queries on states or to write commands to the event log. Once a command is received is the data not "yet" validated. Optionally could this layer authenticate incoming requests.
- **Event log** - The event log is the communication layer in between the web service layer and the business logic layer. It's main responsibility is to communicate messages and "log" them in the process. Kafka is used in Commander as the event log.
- **Business logic** - The logics layer consumes commands/events to process them. Two types of consumers could exists in the business logic layer. The command processor processes commands received from the "commands" topic and generates a resulting event. This event could be a error or the resulting generated data. The projector processes events received from the "events" topic. A projector creates a projection of the consumed events. This projection could be consumed by the web service layer.
- **Datastore and projections** - This layer contains sets of states that could be used to query upon. Every service could have it's own projection created of the consumed commands/events.

## Overview
- **High performing** - Commander uses Kafka a distributed, fault-tolerant and wicket fast streaming platform as it's transportation layer
- **Encryption** - All stored events can be easily encrypted and decrypted
- **Developer friendly** - We aim to create developer friendly APIs that get you started quickly

## Getting started

To get started quickly download/clone the [boilerplate project](https://github.com/sysco-middleware/commander-boilerplate).

Every group has a command, query, materialise and logic service. The command and query services can easily be included in your project via docker images. But if required can you fork the services and modify them to your needs. Every group is responsible for a single dataset.

## GDPR

Commander offers various APIs to handle GDPR complaints. To keep the immutable ledger, immutable do we offer the plausibility to encrypt all events. Once a "right to erasure" request needs to be preformed can all data be erased by simply throwing away the key.
